Jo.
Things could have ended
way differently for the both of us.
But you…
you thought. and you believed
that you knew better.
And look where that got you.
You motherfucker!
Joyce. you've been amazing
as our brand ambassador.
But you're not really delivering. girl.
to our contractual agreement.
It's two posts per month.
Only one of them requires you
to have Mr. Gomora in them.
It shouldn't be that difficult.
Maybe it's time for Ivory Oasis Baths
to move on with another influencer.
Trinity…
I understand your concerns. believe me.
But. unfortunately. my husband
has been swamped with a lot of work. So…
-Really?
-Yeah.
Because we've been hearing rumors.
-Oh.
-Mmm.
Gomora.
I don't know what rumors
you're talking about.
because my husband and I
have never been happier.
Actually. our marriage
has never been stronger. you know?
Mr. Gomora.
Trinity. listen.
my husband and I. this coming Friday.
will be celebrating our 20th anniversary.
-Hmm? An entire 20 years.
-Oh.
And we've decided
to have a small celebration.
So I think it would be lovely
to have you there.
To celebrate with us and have a good time.
so you can see for yourself that…
there's nothing to worry about at all.
Everything is going well.
-Mmm.
-Hmm?
Well. if you say so.
I guess we'll see you
and your husband over the weekend.
Spectacular.
Gomora!
-Jo!
-Listen. listen.
This thing of yours. of just showing up
at my house as you please
is starting to annoy me.
You little skank.
Let me make this very clear.
-Mm-hmm.
-This is my house.
and that man you've decided
to shack up with here.
and spread your legs for.
is also mine.
I still have the keys to this house.
I can do as I please.
Jo!
My goodness. Jonasi.
Joyce.
Wow.
And here's the man of the moment.
Here.
Do you remember you promised me
that on our 20th anniversary.
we would renew our vows?
That time is now.
You're joking. right?
That invitation you're holding
has been sent to the relevant people.
And the tailor already has
your measurements.
-Tell me you're joking.
-Oh. and I've decided
to invite you too. you cheap little whore.
I just want you to taste opulence.
since it's clearly not up your alley.
Joyce.
-My love.
-Mmm.
Please give me a few minutes
to deal with this.
Mmm.
-Okay. my love.
-All right. Mmm.
Damn. you look hot in that dress.
Mmm.
Tell me. have you lost your mind?
I've worked so damn hard.
building all of this.
Especially my brand deal with Ivory Oasis.
So you will show up
to the celebration…
…whether you like it or not.
Pay attention. It's over. Joyce.
Anyways. I've spoken to your barber.
And I told him to arrange with Buhle
to get things organized.
-Wow.
-They'll let you know
when you can come and…
prepare yourself.
For our anniversary.
Joyce. Joyce!
Make sure you're recording.
Okay. Sophie.
I need for everything to be perfect.
Perfect is your flowers
flying in from Kenya. darling.
-Ma is going to be involved. right?
-No.
-So she can choose her tier.
With all due respect.
my husband is Jonasi. okay?
-Come on. Joyce.
-No. Ma.
-This is our 20th anniversary.
-Oh. really?
So you've used place mats
rather than table sets?
Yes. place settings.
-options on the serviettes.
-Okay.
-What do you think. Mama Grace?
-This is the fruit cake?
Absolutely.
This one is perfect for Jonasi.
Because it's old and traditional.
just like him.
Actually. my husband
is a fan of chocolate cake.
so can we have that?
Hmm?
Mmm.
Wow. these are gorgeous.
I love them. all of them.
They're beautiful.
You know what I'm thinking?
I'm thinking. let's try
something youthful. you know?
When my husband looks at me.
I want him to remember
the good old varsity days.
Well. lot has changed since then. Joyce.
Cut.
Can you give us a moment. please?
Really. Mom?
My child.
Are you sure about all of this. though?
I'm sure.
So. yeah. Let's talk. guys.
Tell me everything that you want to see.
Are you guys liking
my Ivory Oasis content?
SINDI_WA_STYLE
CAN I PLEASE HAVE THE LOCATION
Are you guys tuned in?
Oh. so what really is the key
to a happy marriage?
Hey! You're coming in hot.
It takes commitment.
We choose each other.
As well as also inviting God.
you know. to be a part of our family.
Hallelujah.
"This year you're celebrating
your 20th wedding anniversary…
TSIDIII:_
WOW MAMA JOYCE YOU ARE GLOWING
…what can we expect?"
THAN.DO5788
WE ALSO WANT THE SOFT LIFE
Joyce Gomora. extraordinaire.
lover of fine things.
-Okay.
-You go. girl.
Tonight it's going to be lit.
I'm telling you.
Who's this?
You look nice.
Thank you. Menzi.
-Ma. we're going out.
-Hmm?
Oh. you're going out. Where to?
Come on. Remember. you said
if I ace my Biology. we get to go out?
I'm joking. I remember.
But now why are you in such a hurry?
Sarah. She saw my status
and asked that we pick her up.
Okay.
And since your cousin
asked you to pick her up.
did she get permission from her mother?
Well. I have to ask
because you know how strict Essie is.
I don't know.
All I know is if I don't fetch her.
she'll be blowing up my phone
all night long.
-which I don't need.
-And what about your brother?
Menzi?
Hmm.
Come on. Ma. We'll be out until late.
Oh. come on.
Mpume. why do you like doing this?
Why do you like acting as if
you're older than your brother. though?
Mom.
please don't make me take him with me.
Well. listen. there's only one rule.
It's either you go with your brother.
so he can have fun too.
and enjoy life a little.
or you're all staying in
and calling it a night.
So take your pick.
You look so beautiful. my girl.
Oh. you're so beautiful.
What's wrong. Joyce?
What is it?
Jonasi wants a divorce.
Joyce. this man moved out a year ago
from this house.
You can't be surprised. my dear.
No. Ma.
Being a man is so difficult.
Alcohol…
Uh…
-Shit.
-You.
You're not going to sleep in this house.
You'll go back
and sleep where you were drinking.
No. no. no. The thing is. my dear mother.
firstly. I'm too annoyed to argue.
Secondly.
you are the last person
to judge me who I sleep with.
You're lucky I gave birth to you.
Otherwise. I would've strangled you
long time ago.
-Leave me alone.
-Oh. no. No.
Wait a minute. where are you off to
dressed like that?
Oh. Ma. we're going out.
-With who?
-With Mpume. We're just going to dance
-and have a good time.
-Sarah.
I told you to stop hanging with
these kids. they're not your type.
-How are you?
-We're fine.
Listen. Ma. I promise
to bring her back at 10:00. sober.
9:00. not 10:00. 9:00.
-You can go.
-Okay. Ma.
-Goodness.
-At 9:00!
All right.
Oh. wow!
-Nice wheels! What?
-Come on. Free.
Guys. where is my invite?
Hey. Menzi. Mamma's boy.
Tell me. where is the party happening?
-Oh. we're going to see DJ--
-Uh-uh. no. Menzi.
Really? What does that have
to do with you. Freedom?
You just need to back off.
-Freedom. just let the kids go. man!
-Let me see. What have we got here?
How about a little beep?
-Piss off!
-Bye-bye!
-Okay. Sure. yeah. See you all.
Jonasi. Jonasi!
Uh. Mrs. Gomora. I wasn't expecting you.
Buhle. I need to see my husband.
Uh. he's busy in the boardroom.
He's busy getting ready to…
Getting ready for what?
Um…
There's a celebration today
with the shareholders.
A celebration? Oh?
So I guess my invitation is still coming?
Hmm.
Thank you. You can leave it right there.
My goodness. This looks like so much fun.
Alcohol? Must be nice.
-During work hours.
-What are you doing here?
I thought I should come and visit
Joyce's husband…
and look him dead in the eye
when I tell him he's got some nerve.
Joyce. listen. This is the only way
for you and I to move forward.
Listen. Jo? You see this?
I will not sign this nonsense of yours!
Are we clear?
You don't have a choice.
I will not lose the one thing
I've worked so hard for in my life.
-Do you hear me. Jonasi?
-Joyce. you don't need that.
-I'll take care of you.
-You?
-You'll take care of me?
-Yes.
Is this what you call taking care of me?
Is that what you call it?
Jonasi.
I'm the one who helped you
build all of this
for twenty years. Jo. Twenty years!
I've given you my whole life.
but you chose to throw all of that away.
all of this for that slut.
just for some ass.
You need to leave.
I'm not going anywhere.
You can't get rid of me.
-I'm here to stay.
-I'll call security.
Go ahead and call them.
Buhle!
Jonasi. what have you become? Tell me?
What are the kids going to say
about what you've become?
Get her out.
-Ma'am. please come with me.
-No! Don't you dare.
Shut up.
All of you. stop it!
I'm far from being done with you. Jonasi.
I know my way out.
Uh. Joyce.
You're forgetting something.
You know I have to leave soon. right?
Oh. come on.
I told you
I have to go to the gym tomorrow.
Are you coming with?
Mm-mmm. Mpume will drop me off.
-All right.
-Mmm.
-Well. then. travel safe.
-My king.
-All right. man. Cool. bro.
-As always. my boy.
-Bye. X.
-Bye. Take care.
-Bye-bye.
-These two really look good together.
-Lindani.
-What? That's my man.
Okay. tell me.
Aren't these bottles expensive?
I don't know. I guess.
Are you here to do a price check.
or drink alcohol?
-Hey. piss off!
-Come on. man. Come on. big guy.
I'm not here to cause a commotion.
big guy.
There's something really important
I have to handle in there.
I think my girlfriend is in there
having a good time with another man.
Please let me in. you know?
Please. my brother.
Here's to life. and here's to money!
Leave this here.
the life of the party has arrived.
Take this. Me-Me. There we go.
Guys. is this your little party?
-Freedom. what are you doing here?
-Oh?
-Menzi called him.
-Mm-hmm.
Come on. guys. we're here to have fun.
not bombard Freedom with questions.
Cheers to that!
My brother's here.
Uh. okay. boundaries. I know.
Um. I'm sorry.
What's wrong with you?
So what's your excuse
for not going there to talk to her?
No. Why?
I mean that girl over there.
It's obvious that you like her.
Freedom. you're out of your mind.
That's my sister's friend.
She's like a sister to me.
-Why are you laughing?
-Shame.
-What's funny? I'm serious. Eish.
-Come on. man. Meaning. huh?
You know what the funny thing is?
You look really scared.
But you know what? Relax. boy.
The doctor is here.
Doctor Freedom. boy.
You see.
I have something special for you. my dawg.
Something to help you.
Oh. my goodness. what are you doing?
This will help you so that you can relax
and enhance your mood.
Loosen up a little bit.
-so you can feel good. you know?
-Mm-mmm.
So you can build the courage
and go talk to her. you know?
-Take some of this. my boy.
-Mm-mmm. I do not do drugs. my brother.
Oh. come on. man. Just say. "Ah."
-No. no. no.
-Hey. I said. "Ah!"
Do you wanna talk to her or don't you?
-Freedom. my brother…
-I said. "Ah!"
-Okay. then. "Ah."
-"Ah." There we go.
Let's start this party!
-Yes!
-Cheers to life!
-What are you trying to do?
-No!
-No! No!
-What are you trying to…
Hey. hey! Didn't you hear the lady?
I'll kill you. you son of a bitch.
-I'll kill you!
-Menzi! Menzi!
Don't touch… Don't hold me!
-Get your hands off my brother!
-Fuck you! Let go of me!
Let go of me! Don't touch me!
Hey! What the hell is going
on here? What are you people doing?
-Hey! Hey! Get the hell out of here!
-Ah! Leave us alone!
Fuck off!
You think I'm afraid of you?
-Ah. no!
-Fuck off!
-Let's go!
-Screw you guys!
-Let's go! They'll find us here. boys.
-Menzi.
Thank you so much
for being my Superman tonight.
That's what I'm talking about. my boy!
Sophie.
Is the anniversary party canceled?
Why are you asking me that?
What have you heard?
Well. someone called me and told me
Mr. Gomora is flying out to Zim tomorrow.
Who told you that?
Well. is he leaving?
Sophie. I'll get back to you. okay?
I'm a bit busy right now.
Jo?
-Wow.
-Do you like it?
Mm-mmm. I don't like it.
-Huh?
-I love it. I love it.
-Thanks. I love it.
-I almost fainted. Don't play with me.
I love you even more.
I love you.
-Mm-mmm. not here.
-What is it? Come on.
The kids are going to walk in on us.
Oh. wow.
What…
Shit!
Oh. sh…
Oh!